#004f7a - Dark Blue
#a2c2da - light blue
#494949 - dark grey
#ededed - light grey


Company Contact Information to be reflected in code
TpISENT (SL) Limited
13 Hill Cot Road
Brookfields, Freetown
Sierra Leone
+232 (76) 617550
+ 1 (212) 710 2911
info@tpisent.com
Https://tpisent.com


Screen resolution
240 by 320
320 by 480
720 by 1280
1080 by 1920


Move Logo and items to the top more
Onetime Link after registration to confirm account is not good
Check opening pdf files on phone

Alex Kandeh Thomas - Economics

JS Sellu Jr. - Math

Abdulai N Jalloh - Financial Accounting

Emmerson Yayah Dumbuya - Math

Saidu Wurie Jalloh - Math

Richard Mansaray - Agriculture

Morie Victor Yorpoi - Math
Brian Kamara - English

Leslie Harding - Language Arts


hello. I am Tamba Lamin and will be interviewing you today
I will ask you a couple of questions and you will answer them in chat. After that, I will call you on Whatsapp video to repeat the same

(1) Why do you teach or Why did you become a teacher?
(2) Give me an example of how you enforce transparency and accountability while teaching
(2a) What will you do if a failing student or their parent comes to you and ask that you make sure they pass and promise to give you a reward
(2b) Do you consider teaching a professional career or a job?
(3) Have you learned anything new within the past three months?
(3a) What did you learn and how?
(3b) what did you learn about zoom and PowerPoint? list five takeaways about zoom and PowerPoint that you will want your students to know
(4) What is your experience in working independently? Have you worked in a team setting before?
(4a) which one do you like more? Independent work or team work?
(4b) What is your comfort level with PowerPoint, and Youtube
(5) If hired, are you ready to start independent work on Monday, June 29th, 2020?
(6) Why should we hire you as opposed to the other candidates? Whats special about you?
(7) What is or are your weaknesses? What are you doing to change them into strengths?
(8) What other people usually say about you?
(9) What do you like about TpISENT and this project?

I am going to call you on WhatsApp using Video for the next step. Get ready

Thank you very much for taking the time to interview with me today. I enjoyed the time and appreciate all the comments and points of view to improve education.

This document will give you more details about the project and answer a lot of questions you may have. I going to work with my team to put all the things we need together, send out the official appointment letters so that you can start on Monday. We will organize a quick training to teach everyone about the platform, how to create digital course content in PowerPoint, how to record our screen while teaching and upload to youtube and etc.

Are you ready to do some interviews? One on one interviews on Whatsapp? Pick one candidate, ask for the email they used, and their name, I will send you their CV/Resume and you interview them. What we want to know
(1) Are the teaching for money or passion
(2) are they transparent and accountable
(3) Are they able to learn new skills quickly
(4) Are they able to work independently
(5) Will they be able to use PowerPoint for the content and record their screen while they teach and post that on Youtube themselves?
(6) Are they ready to start work on Monday?
(7) Why should we hire them as opposed to the other candidates
(8) What is or are your weaknesses? What are you doing to change them into strengths?
(9) What other people usually say about them
(10) What do they like about us and this project?
